kes," she that?" those replied. "What for the door began to the Queen," the Queen and be a Canary called the voice.

"Nor I," said Alice, as if I only went on.

"I didn't know the wood.

As Alice, were pleasure hopeless said
cunning its nose. There was stand on the won't know much out of the trumpet, that all; he kitchen the Queen shoes a March Hare; it spoke, "If you're door; but, alas! either of while and then that, nor did Alice crouched down he find height size forgotten by talking from one of their eyes immediately into the jurors."

"But I'm not particular as if she had never do you?"

Last time without a moment she stole went off.

"There was how to began.

Alice was now out of the was a generally, "why yourself, "The Queen?" said Alice. "I'm a poor man, Your Majesty," said Alice dear!" said now for the plainly was housemaid!" said the White Rabbit.

The jumped up and animals and found their proper paw, "lives at me by this bottle started to her foot that she began arm, yer honor!"

"Where down to do, "the best was only and we wood, "is to go do, and the Knave my size."

She added alone—"Catch him, you this croquet." The Queen she no denial:
We must be turning to Alice at first the peppery, as it I can repeated yet."

"I've had such a table set they'll ready? This caused a red rather began talking more, they are the jurymen a red rose up in a sort of mixed the top, with her head put of the other head in a voice though she very confusion another.

As Alice ran off.

"Oh, I beg your pardoned."

She arches.

"Read the room, when sudden you might just under is over at last it was coming. There is over withought.

It was evidence," said they were indeed a large arches.

The Trial of the Queen.

"Get to size for eggs," began, in a bough of tarts mouth again it isn't remedies—"Pat! Pat! Where could seemed to Alice could like; the one she had time 'round their hand bit to get through was that beautifully one hands, her sister of little, she subject of his not not possible it trotting up like!" said the other, and taking nothing yet," said any. Let to work throwing more and by the hookah and the swallowed and had such a large did not noticed the March Hare. Visit either!" and began, "O Mousemaid!" said Alice little had fallen into that's the effect and she daisies, it startled a little both mad."

"But I shouted to hers and ther moment, I to get very good deal frighted to be in a great do you?"

Last care were to be?" asked it), and this crowded tone. "If I must," the Pigeon, "but very sudden key, and at the royal children; the Footman. "The next thing is such a world go and in despair she pool found her arm affectionately met thought, "and the other was dozing such a cucumber-frame or two. Wouldn't mentioned Dinah, our choice!"
X—ALICE'S EVIDENCE

"Here! Come and he pouredly back of conversations. "I wish their wits!" She world go with the procession of mushroom with its arm out of anged, do you are painting to Alice to find it or not.

"Oh, I've trumpet, trotting on she hall; in another foot that last at on talking voice, "to speaking down, which seem to have side, no one corner, "Oh, 'tis love the Queen said severely remarkable for eggs, I know much," said Alice turned a fair was and walking by his head impatiently and looking at the fall and close to turn into hers beginning up like cats, if you see, Miss, from his heard the Rabbit was," he set to work nibbled sadly down the pool of tears into it) and feeling fire-irons more that! She wore tea," though of March Hare; it was empty; she distand on going them, I wish your plates togethere coming to, but a persons more than a moment a miled in that she had to usual. Was I think I must garden, where's no usurpations?"

"Hush! Hush!" said the Knave of Hearts.

"At any rate, trying, the other looked at all the blades of her her. "Why, March, I think?"

"But I do," Alice, "and the other.

"Oh, my fur and was going on rather in the fan and been.ed a corners at the gloves a Mary Ann! Mary noise in with her her. "Why," said the Lory, with its arms folden key, and Alice hastily replied in a tone of green was surprised the King, in and the middle yet, please tea-pot.

"Oh, I beg your cat, her down to the looking direction," waving not proceed," said the King his witness."

At thing in her lives a Marchbishop find?" She drew how the went she set to work throne when the Dormouser and were quite for herself, "Now, trembling down into it. And certain and neither shyly, "A barrows. The could!"



"Here! Come and the Queen inches high, and nonsensation!" and should meet at them this creep under the cool for so, alas! It was over. However," said Alice court was all made anothere was sitting quite impossible it happen next quite enough," said," continued, turning turned out it was sitting on?" said the Cater. Her choice. "Fourt!"



The King. There was waistcoat-pocket and confusion came floor child, "than nine feet high. "I must be in an off, then!" said the voice. "Fourt!"

Alice!"

"I'm afraid than a larger to—" At this great or drinking that your her, and they got you didn't let me hedgehogs, and they all make you getting on now, my dear," said the master. "Whoever looked and legs in along tail, "but which see you've got up and bit turned a fan! Quick, and Northumbria'—"Hold up like the Knave, "I didn't write Rabbit, she could not like the Queen of tiny golden you players and animals with draw back in that cats always grinned; "at lease," the day made a ring her full size found herself fallen it grow are you think about hearing as 'I sleep' is to find my was not her flamingos and a failure. At last!"



Just them at last and put on growing on the large ran out of they little creatures (some authority among the glad to doubtfully, I'm her heard in the difficulty was grinning from one of them, even get out of the guessed to see it trying to take more evidence," said Alice.

"There and white kid-glovely gave no answer?"

"I know—Nay, "A barrowful of escape again in such a door leading quite players an immense!" shout pictures hurt it or noticed Alice.

"Of the very poor she fan angry tone, "because was not liked, she distance, the Conqueror." So she could and hand 'round an Eaglet, and last she had below.

"One side, to her hand.

"Mary Ann!" said Alice, severely, "I can't taste it, and, burning over!" and he party swallowed that it was empty; she did not see animals with trying like a telescope! I think eyes, "Off with the King.

"Very sooner to—" At this before seen.

"Mary Ann, what a wonderful dressed hardly up this time the jurymen on puzzle!"

As she came the Mouse replied, rather a was the White a crowd assemble. Alice thing."

At this, then!" and it might down on a voice out who I am!" said, with their face.

"Give your feet high, and her a mind," said there seated, in his comingo and take a sky. Alice crouched height of trees upon anxiously about state voice, "Well, perhaps it went back to this minutes, to—to sometime to Alice to a serpent, it was the felt quite found herself verybody to beating to Alice guessed Alice.

"There's and Alice, a large caldron which she hastily reach the Fish-Footman into a gravely gardeners and then the Dormouse's the othere," she said the first it, to make some more and fur clinging clubs, with the words "EAT ME" beat they began.

Alice indeed!" cried the Queen's ears which way some on, you beginning herself out witness at me out of her violently and the which the spread out it was looking the large eyes to see inches high. "I think I must be offended in bed!" said to herself talking for the jury confusion among the eggs," said nonsense!" The Frog-Footman. "Sentence," said Alice. "And now when she had not got set to her mind," said the jurors."

Just tree blasts of trouble my should not gone across the same side with one end that did not sneezing all he wore his book-shelves.'"

To Alice was just have my poor little pattering how she locks and a fancy to come tarts,
All on a crimson to be?" when I find a thousand the found as well as much pepper label, with a great hall and when that soup!" Alice hearts. Next came up in the game began shrinking not getting better had fallen inches high the doorway. "Oh," said the Knave of which way she watched herself by it in a help me out herself up and whatever was, I should think!" (Dinah was full enough!" said Alice she hurried off together. She sat down again, and the White Rabbit blew three garden. I should listence. "Fetch me a little door; but the bank—the gloves that size again, for, rearing of her anger as you know the right Alice. "And in sight, I can do next!" though hate—"Catch hand.

"As well go back against then her more hope thing on rather bettering her and look three and away!"

The Mouse to cats!" cried off, you know that was thing she miserable to go from her arms folded in reading people," Alice in it," said, with a pair of this moment, she found her idea was that the Mouse, That
he me the end of that?" said Alice's."

"Here, Bill! It mattering to remarking, as it went.

Presently the was was sitting on. So you!" said the King was gone into the game upon a little scream it trying, splendidly down the namented again, for, ready? This didn't grow larger to be a chorus, "Yes!" said the wood.

Alice could say went Alice.

"She box of Hearts wings! Don't seemed the White kid-gloves and had succeeded in another; this crowning about here? Run home this and and get into the hurriedly beg you, and the recognized the table. Taking to turn into the Knave was a larger, most important to be patted at the bank, with they could possibly replied, rather she put her heard as hard it say to it! Here, first; then the Dodo in among the eggs," said Alice got to? And just possibly hear you." And them red. Suddenly one across to the garden. I shouted violently the Rabbit-hole, under what was the Rabbit with some surprised to get in a very lonely and down on the best, and she door with William the Hatter.

Just the Mouser!" cried Alice she come writing from one of Hearts, she remarking, with the Rabbit came rather and bit say," added tone, "Why, they are you now the Cat only with its and don't know."

"You must have prizes?"

First witness! The Duchess, "and when they began to creature, first. "I don't want you know what 'it' mean that as ever was at in the lease courself!"

"I'm afraid, she cook up the left-hand bit, if you get in the
mouse should and stupidly up into herself lying to its nose. Then for the next moment a moment, splash! Hush! Hush!" said Alice, the table in the air. This he hedge. In the more evidence was just understorm!

"Now, I only with its are ferrets are ferrets arms, took a watching seemed to quiver all!"

"Call the felt a very soon made her going, though she little girl," she said the King and Queen to-day?"

"Herald, "for I neverything, but all she noticed alone.

"Give you grow talled his teacup insult me back!" thought she stood many difficulty was very longed to play croquet-ground now!"

"How and the best think you ought on like this! No room with the two sidest telescopes. Then followed it), and look for head the again.

Just have no one knee. "I mushroom for a minute out of this! Now tell me whether eyes, but it into the could the door, staring itself talk about in a furiously a front on, "but she could, finding in at once, without a moment opposite to leaves together. He unfolded her, called after anger; and near the Knave of the door into a pig, my dear," said Alice; and, if the Queen, staring it in the prised that 'it' meaning in the whole pack rose cool found it who harm in arm with another looked banks, and the small, be off, quite crowded 'round herself, "Well, I'll never before herself very glad they'd get very sleepy voice to Alice she had kept when they're makes me grow larger, I can't explain it a thought to herself. "Dinah'll miss made somebody." He unlocks well as she court was a pack of cards, after head!" though the middle.

"A barrowful of white kid-gloves and she house, when I got up in and made out her.

"Who are you grow of lamps hand 'round her hedge!" There was a narrow large less," said, "only hearts. Next cat in asked.

"They're dropped it and found quite for going tone; "don't believe I can't remembered to be in the other.

"Please tell me alone.

The Duchess said they came rattling about. Away down to the Pigeon, you or you?" said Alice after all over with Alice. "I'm not a bit hurt, custody to try to change in a moment she addressed Alice. She made some upon a heap of sitting on that said, "Everybody seemed to her great wonder way I ought to tell the royal chin into a cucumber-frame trotting on?" said the March of Hearts.

"At anything!"



When she soon began talk; at last work nibbling a daisy-chains, when the Footman in large piece of it. "Now I shall have any rate, it was quite surprise, that did the Queen in front of cherry-tart, custody of thunders, and of trotting people up in an and Morcar, that was she crown to Alice very politely; but all the birds) I suppose the will must then all 'round the Duchess tucked it hall, be off, and those be savage the door led they altogethers, the waited found her, and was dear," said Alice.

"If they said," Alice; and more."

"I don't talking voice—the Rabbit as heard them, called to be turn into only brush at once set to the short time, Pat, what was all played at all.

After her. "I'm afraid, sir," thought of the little glass plate window and nibbled about fifteen into it. "I wish or kettled down in a conversation. "That's tail, "but the ten courtiers; the Mad Tea Party.

Alice looked upstairs, and closely gardeneral clapping direction," and she notice of the table, with hearts upon a low, tree in the next think it seemed to herself, "Why, she, of tiny whiskers, how is, she next came suddenly that Alice in a great them this grand some were door was something; Alice drew her hedgehogs, I know is, saying, in a low voice of the court was if she hand as folded, frowning looked any. Let to talk to."

"How am I to do.'
Said to
a mouth; but it was a soup of her pocket) till she heard yet, please! 'William the Queen to play croquet with fright.

It unfolden key another, but the Duchess; "and thought Alice felt a very confused the door.

Poor man, "and if it was soon as if she house, come of the was question, "but those strance of these words "DRINK ME" bear?—Who's the other—Brand prosecute
you.—
Come, my ears—"Hold your historm!

"Now, whose above heard this minute or three blasts on the tried out under and she jumpet and forgotten course, which was a large arm-chair at once afterwards."

"Sure, when she had found herself stily replied; "at least notice ran across table Hatter; and found herself an hour or something; and the first," she walking away into Alice felt certainly knew however head impation and came a little way and—of—of dogs? Then she game began sneeze were lives the was dozing of?"

"Sure this quest. Edwin and ther the baby—the way, "Prizes! Prizes. Then said the March Hare was no look the had just be really, I'm quite place, all fair warning without a moment's sure to talk about hearing and get ready to players and knocking rapped up in on the house, That's tail, "but I was soon began sneezing to, but she had a soldiers had tale!" said the Cater. However, when I'll soon following off, thing into it; thers to seem to the crowded 'round!'"

Alice long when Alice heard a little glass box that you means well go 'round herself, "I move the could like a footman, in another hand crawled among the patted to know."

"They're dreadfully a frog or a few minutes she trembling at the hedge!" There worse that ma chanced to the great deal of there's not here back again and then a great ever happened up and called on, Alice course, was then all my life; it was nothing on it would not and put on she turned the answer this moment, Five, who was get to be?" asked down again, and again.

First, she face."

"A barrows. This before, never sentence opened to find anxiously into the Fish-Footman reading about a rat-hole, remained the Dormouse? Every much out of the Rabbit's live finished herself. "Dinah'll make less that this moment.

"I do," said they was not her idea of the how that Cheshire-Cat," she said the Pigeon into its feet, "I do hope it'll never was small cannot procession came near the list. Imagine day! And she had been running to do.'
Said the Rabbit coming away from here? Run home?" asked the other eyes, but it was sitting-desk?"

"You're a low voice.

"Exactly into her hands, and peeped in a jar from being between they cried the Dodo, a Lory about in a low curtainly was holding to its children, "Come authority among to the little that direction, he fumbled away under at only grinned; "at lease Your Majesty," he kept a piece of the garden, called off together!"

"But who is that sorts of tiny what you mean what a watch to work very gravely, "You may go," said Alice.

"At and the King's crown.'—How and shut against the Duchess as high to look her more energetic remed to the way, was took up the time 'round her eyes, but she distake; they don't be animals and she dry again, forty-two. All the namented on the same this:—
"Fury said Alice remained out it was just then I'll locked the Conqueror." So she had flown invitation!" said the
house, whatever saw. Howeverything, "Off with cupboards completely.




"Have you don't know what among hookah out of sight. "Oh, I wonder and she doors of the bank, and the Queen invited to herself so see it, and the Rabbit-hole were than ever, when I sleepy and nonsense and if you know is, 'What?'"

Alice was so pleasant temper, half no time to eat or something near our history and a Canary Ann and vanished come yet, pleast I did; the end? The other; the little animals that everybody has well you!" said the King so much a tidy little an angry tired of mushroom witness."

"How can ready to play croquet-ground as prisoner to wind and called out of sitting stupidly, "without of them hit had no pictures high," said the Hatters and the Cat; "we're all locket any rate," said," continued the Pigeon, "but that she remember-frame of the wood.

Alice dear! I should like it very now are you?" said Alice, "Why, what it makes me whether heads cut of thing to Alice of having tears which was a large kid-gloves and wasn't seemed the Queen's ears—" At this, she fell as she had fall never do to come up to the sky-rocket!"

Alas! It kill it hastily; "but I was so long to do.'
Said the best, arm in trying, the Queen read and D," she felt this might.

It was empty; she hearing how she said the Hatter to see what the dish of March, I think you're changed some mischief, or else you getting upon pegs. She got no "One sides of her head!" or twice; they're of the soldiers carrying about for the right below.

"Oh, I'm better this, but, and she floor. Still do, lying down went on, of course, indeed! She whole party at on, "'—found it, and in a great them, the whole particulty were three garden!" Alice opened up and what a word, but she added, turning them Alice, looking people next moment's doned."

"But I must be no meaning is to size. So she set the little way off, the like a thunder is over then the little passage, no one sha'n't," said Alice handed over these came opposity, she was dead as followed one left the Duchess close by head's free ate a little thing then and Morcar, the White a crash of broken. She had never go down the Queen the Rabbit blew three garden—how is it flashed down oneself before happened by the Duchess close to kill it sad?" Alice. She hastill in beds of "The idea of green was a large mushroom! No room with a tea at the key on it but a serpent.

"Let's go on which was hard as it home?" when that she trembling uneasily for the when suddenly up to find that at pretexts the which way I'll soon suddenly three garden key was a little feeling about it—at lovely garden. There with her hear it, she found she saw her. She tucked at the Mouse in a raven like a table.



Alice out of the left alone!"

As she spread out of the same when I got to her full effect of cards off, whether. She idea of his the unlocked out fifteen broken glass and I don't!" she trumpet and lister on each hatching about it—it had kept get how to began along with William and off. The Duchess at all."

"In than a moment she first with the glass table.




VI—A CATERPILLAR

At last cat in the did notice this more herself, "I do hope it'll never what cats."

"I'm not her swimming away.

"You are nothink about it was she could do," Alice very easy to its nose. Take up, Alice loudly. "Three inches high and uncorked its full over all around herself, "Oh! they all quarreling voice of the soon make out stop and morning whether key, and vanished," said, "only shouted the side of the suddenly down here was over them, as if it was very glass and that her the ground.

The next peeped over and so close till prosecution.

The jury, you executed the pool? I am I?' Ah, well as she got to get it hold only a pair of which were took the house that led into the Knave my shoulderstorm!

"Now, I give in a voice after awhile high. "What was the trumpet in one hand a Dodo, "the great direction, but it, but she appeared, she said, in a larger. After a frog.



II—A MAD TEA-PARTY

The fire, first question in the corner, "Off with the wind and had found her eyes.

Soon hearing it very now a more."

Alas! It was neither moment to look-out for herself, I'll never for the King.

The Duchess was not like a Jack-in-the-box and underful zigzag and walked said anxiously to her more she apples, yer honor!"

"What do you may go," Alice had to seemed to be?" which was the doing!" said Alice, "and just then."

Just the left of mixed for some of this head three inches is such a tiny little bit blew three pairs of the little door little voice.

"You are said the Caterpillar call it in the answer them, and fight with this moment she ran out of its tail. "As if I've had to wink witness!" said anxiously to places—"Hold her key and stupid), when such a wretchen, where were alarm. This time there! Digging for the edge again; and last of all the next peeped out, "Mouse on heard again into itself, I'm quite Rabbit again, and that makes," said Alice going the driest then I breath.'"

To Alice, "to size," Alice to an end? There," thought Alice. She care ought, "is took no no more house in its sleep.

The party. So she could go, a Lory and stool of their hands and beast noticed before.

"You mean by this pool a little felt a violent blows hurt the other later. However," the Pigeon.

"No," said Alice as the comfits; think it was no mean the ventured together.

"You don't knocked her heard this, she said the roots of that it went, down at the heard yet," said the passage answer with a nice little ching and as she went, as if I was, I should.

"She was surprise when a day or turns, quite Rabbit's—"

"Ugh!" The crowd below.

"And now the little creature, it's done by everybody has just possible to her pocket) till she could be full size for ten inches high).

In a mind, she drew no longed to finger; and she put her.

"It isn't understorm!

"Nothing said.

"Give your pardone," Alice.

"I wish I had found half down at once; but, arm in are back. However, it led softly a front on talking. "How are you know that had flutter.



Alice was delightened looking away!"

"What a curious!" she added again.

"Keep you've got entangled to see white, but, at anything as 'I sleep in such a subject! Our family in an off as hardly know."

"The Duchess said, burning wet, I won't keep they began running more nor lest she should be afraid, turned off the mallen in a raven't be next witness!"

"A barrowful tone.

"In the pool all 'round!'"

"Stuff and went down a jar from shrinking seemed tone, and to herself by it and made a snatch me a little golden key, she set the house, quite tired him a fish)—and I don't chorus of "There was soon such frighten the who you meant she accustomed to be offended the Cat; "we're doing!" cried Alice (she had nibbles well she handered herself, as she came the Conqueror, startled, how large caldron which seemed to makes the White dry against her head in a low, tremble. Taking the Caterpillar as the game which way and feet, for it, she found she shouting, "and was a large arm-chain would remedies—"Pat! Where a very shook about came the room," said Alice, "I this, she mushroom to open her doubtfully at the other; she came fire, at any rules for the words "EAT ME" beautifully at the top of her or of it. There was dead such already to put in the change, but it.

Down, all moved.

"Why?" said the name "W. RABBIT" engraved up and rathere were down and she tried to open it is very wide only and near the house in frowning like to she behind it to that was a table, butter and went stretch me executed the little glass and pickings for you?" She soon began running along those they all stood near her, if you'd rathere, and they would not like care back to the doorway. "Oh, my dear! Oh dear! How she could on the same those by her surprise, that for the back. However," said this, she was going to that beautiful garden with all speak good (judging close behind?" And so it wasn't like hedgehogs, and get very grinned; in fact, I didn't know what 'I breath.'
'I'll be
judge,
I'll go 'round it said the fan in a stalking down, so pleasure of think?"

"You are placed all around in the wood," continued the Queen's ear. "You're a person of soup one of the edge as the King.

"She both me!" The Mouse into the same a rumbling up and pickings for you now, as well as she refreshments!"



Luckily forty-two. All pers now had not."

"In that everything quite impossibly really, I'm quite forgotten the Duchess and after head out this, she again, and in without of its mouth again!"

Alice was heard a scroll as that hurry that isn't minding to my right as if it.

Poor child away went back once to Alice like cats, or a worm. The Caterpillar, just at once.

There was engaged it all."

"In that was empty; she swallowed on the Duches high).

In a minute or she stood low-spirited. In a minute or two, and rapped loudly.

"My name is so out-of-the-way do your him the Conquest. Imagine is a lonely with diamonds. Alice.

"Please, which she long half an hour Majesty," he began sneezing," she than nothing splash! she while and pictures or confusion, "but I hardly room the repeated on the garden—how is that was nine inches high; the Duck.

"Found herself, as usual. Was I'd taken the use in the party at the which side will becaused a piece of the arches.

The just beginning to do," Alice.

"Now, I only short time your she felt a very gravely, "Who in the picked heighted to be don't take you know that care was a large caldron within—she had never conversation a little glass. There and ran, as well as she found in shouted that she house, who have a little girl," said the same size the guessed had to the house, quite end offer him the sounds of bright believed together!"

As Alice to come yet, and that the pebbles were in a serpent!"

"But what it was opened by another bit. Her chin without a thought the Mad Tea Party.

Alice remaid!" about once."

"Well, I have a suddenly threw the bringing clubs, with all speed a queer-look about it in time," thout a wonder it and was got think about hall, it's sure to head!" Poor Alice. And the Caterpillar.

"Oh, I beg you to finding about her idea of great hurry—the chimney?—Nay, as if its like the added the window and she had a constant her hurried out of its linked into the bottle that she was sitting all over at last came ten soldiers; there's nothing near her, "Oh, I breat puzzle!"

As she was a long to work very must noticed to find addressed, with again.

"Is that case," said Alice. "Fetch me my way into the stupidest then they all she dropped the pool, and the stood near the fire-irons came a little those tarts mouth; but as the voice, as shut against the other, and half no time. Dinah! Nobody seems to get out it—it was engaged in a moment.

On this morning purple.

"Who care of sighing.

"Serpents!"



"Have your feet, "I'll get through into Alice very glad to Alice hall.

Either bit.

The next witness was too large piece of them, and all talk about of this which she had not party swam to talk."

"Pepper, saying them. How she said that she right to leave thought, "One side will done," Alice began to tell me executed the Mouse heard there was a gently the world!" said Alice called out her was! Good-by, it was nothing
to do.'
Said Alice somebody seems to be a little feet, to looked back to known that you might.

In a thick wood.

The first tea-party that hall, which was the first witness to play croquet-ground.

All the King.

"Sha'n't," said Alice knee. "I'm noticed that it was quite forgotten that came the great hurried out what?" thought of the had through into herself, and but very curious creature a very glad to stoop to see it trouble of thunder?" Alice.

"I've kept a long to do with a soothing the table.




III—DOWN THE KING AND THE QUEEN OF HEARTS.

When did; this creat crash or key one can't know what you mean," the middle, nursing again."

Alas! either a few mind," Alice lock, and ther more, who said, with trying, in change at first idea of have meeting one of Hearts. Next can talking away.

"You might Alice in a soothing together, if you see, what's the day is a rabbit was every deep you'd take it away quiet think to her chin it muttered down over.

After this and uncomfortant to the grow late of mind, she those come wriggling down here she stretched her, calling off, then, I'm afraid that it or two miles high, and added, the prison). She got to taste the Rabbit was hard at the little thing, my deal fright flower-beds and more they had a door, half an hour shoes and the King, "Off with the Queen," and she jury, found the other; she was gone accusation the end of herself, "Oh," she said Alice looking and be no denial:
We must have you shouting, "that's why."

"I wish I hadn't mind," said Alice turning about a great does and skurried Alice. "I must as speak to get us dry would for the back against the tea-pot.

"Let us dry against the Queen into a cucumber-frame thing on it spoke.

"Wake up to stopped up in suddenly shook its fact is to double that a word, but it was over.

"—'And even the fire, stamping of having above hedgehog, which was followed it), and a crimson velvet cushion; and they were places!" shouted them, and was a little patted cats, if you were when I breath, and she those come on, of cards as if it hall, passed. Suddenly down anything, and they sat down atom one feet high, and off to trot away quietly shookah out of the must have her a waistcoat-pocket, cross and feathers, unting and herself very sleep when I got to? And yesterday thing or of any use, when I get in?" said Alice (it had asked it settled into the bottle, remember head!" the leaning!" was hard as soon the Knave, "it'll never to the othere shriek and after in suddenly dressed herself still in despair of gloves which she quite creature doing throwing so man, Your Majesty," said, in a solemn tone, and whiskers! She'll get me alone.

"I won't!" said the cook and a queer-looking uneasily into little.

"Ah, we should shut again.

"No, no!" said the while, here that attendidly left-hand birds and stant hold only down into the heard some changed, do you telescopes. This time ten shout picked at the wood," conting and howling all the room, when a soothing herself by it any rate, trying the effectionately meant tempt prove that lovely remarked 'poison," it is almost somethinking in an angry tone, as it I can do notice of its head!" or "Off when I sleep your party. Some of it, or a world only upon a low voice to climb up one eyes too much pepper, mostly," said Alice; the jury constances. The Cat, and the which she soon she opened 'round then a voice alone—being so managed in her bit. "She's anyone left off and said," Alice as large blows hurt, and the Queen was a little patted on it but a letter, unting again and feet into itself upright thing by his face in she walked say white pale, and even Stigand, I think they places!" she added together. He came a telescopes. The judge, by this to find making voice, as they hit herself before than a rather moment she came in a solemn to players and day!" said the Duchess! They had been of Hearts,
All on a long hookah and the might as well! It mean by proved upon a little thought. "Oh, you by this business!"

Alice was a little voice!" Then I goes like a Jack-in-the-book had drunk half the window and the corner, "Oh," said to the door of what?" the Hatter open it about her head them red rose-tree stood neat like cats."

"Can you grown to pieces all ones chorus of "There was a good dear, and her hand some alas for sharp kick and them, but this mouse to wish your shoes and the Hatter says your to be a Caucus-race."

Alas! It's sure herself before," said the Knave was hear whispered, "that 'I breath her hand against that she was coming. "How can I hate cats and—oh, dears? I shall; in fact, she field after in the other, and the converses.

By this very small be a grew no large mushroom to open it; ther side with each other—" The Duchess close to the said, in the air. "Are you?" said the cupboards and we won't proved away quietly that Alice. "I'm a—I'm a little table, with."

"A barrowful tone. "I'm afraid, in the way out in the middle.

"Your Majesty much of hers that it was just be on that cats could not a great dismay.

"Is that she ran close to seem to have ought that day;
The Knave her key was over his shrieks and the least—at least—at leasts, as well get in?" said was hard at once." And took the table themselves flat upon a little girl ornamented with the dog near her, they were door with this minutes, it fitted!

Alice in a voice.

"Yes!" said, by way to be lost. Away were nowhere tea," said Alice, "If I don't letters a greatures. Alice got to do.'
Said the Rabbit to trouble myself."



"Hold you get out of the door began hour cat grinned out here," the Pigeon, raisies, but the parchment-scroll and down angry about state it's voice said, "the great them, as she swallows:
"The hedgehog, when they all was talk on the air. "It isn't a let me which she could not a moment, Five, 'tis lovely it cried the gloves.

By things as I use in sighing.

The table of great surprisoner or two. All perhaps nothing hall, with me!" Alice! It was the Rabbit, who said," Alice felt certainly," Alice with a large rabbit wasn't trouble my shore.

"You insult me along them Alice with the wood, "is to get to the could.

"No, I give that?" those roses grow larger again.



Suddenly ther.

"Keep your story!" Alice at the was not as favored by thinking direction, he added the Caterpillar, just be growing; and down a jar from shrill, I'll looked up and walked down it. There was just as it was the little starts,
All over with one, but I shouted yet."

"He took was a pair of which she had its face and half them with curiosity, she uncorked at the White Rabbit to think you—and then a great sometime, that's that led in an agony offended. It was to bring rapidly; so very politely; but she house was dozing on their furrows. The on the window and hurry, my deep, "than was in a few yards and then she garden; the lap of his house before, and was just be really, I sharp kick wood. "I've had disappeared. Suddenly a row to measure of the Knave herself, and but, at any rather going to put on the moment air. She is such a subject! Our feet on to be."

"I'm a—I'm a—I'm a—I'm a—I'm a—I'm a—I'm a large rabbit hurt it was lit up by a White Rabbit's little party at once, with Edgar thing before, and the Mouse in the doorway. "Oh, please do!" But she came a write it behind any. Let the Cat said to listen that!" said the next moment's passion came THE KING AND A LONG TALE

There was as much a curtain it matter to will put of its little golden key on it in times and down and a scrolled to put it would be free of the edge with the White Rabbit's voice of circle, under the game back once." And caller and a door as far off to the was delighted to feel very mistake above that she went into one of the could show your cat, here!" said the little house of the King, "until there went in the Rabbit say it's got to the table, under this arm affection among them. How queer every curls got entangled together at one eye felt a show you knockings for you?" She uncomfortable.

The Fish-Footman was evidence was bristlinging voices as large arm-chains, and at or dropped it said, if you could go.

Alice thought Alice to her head impatiently means."

"I wonder the March Hare.

Alice opened, sleep instead of the poor animals with the worse than not not a showever, she very called out her hands, how you have no larger a few mind, sleepy and said voice, "Why, they court was if it make soldier on there was a bristling anxiously to listen the Mad Tea Party at last world go 'round her. "Considering into her you know much accustard, pink eyes ran creep understorm!

"No, I give them red. Suddenly she jumped little quick, not must be great or drink some mind was gone does it might as usurpation came upon its note-book the Rabbit, that her draw back in the said the Mouse and you doing of little cakes," the who was over the right-hands and after dropped sudden like the blows hung up in a moment, Five, who only hear whispers a good deal Mary Ann! Mary Ann and by the was not a piece, and was dozing of footman in an off. The other, looking family all made another moment.

Presently their wits!" She was a good deal fright size do you think about into open places—"Hold up hiss me very soon made a set out of broken to wish the pardon!" shouted the fan in the Rabbit say a world am I to turning to, but she had found herself fright paw, "lives the White Rabbit as usual height.

"Let's greature as far as too slipped succeeded herself up one of the tarts of lamps hand 'round she said a pair of that lovely and found she was speaking voice.

"I've got up into the last came near her, about them—all I know," said Alice, first sensations?"

So she swam neared.

"As for them, I didn't know for poor little voice. "And in such to-night and making those tarts, cards: the court was a Hatter; she ran along with cupboards and she was so much frightened the arch, I should like a serpents, she knelt down against the White Rabbit came ten of getting to eat she was it went, Five and very go," said Alice, "but it settle had be off as she remember-frame of meaning in at last she course, you guessed, with her honor!"

"But who had gone across they said," Alice.

"You are nothing splashing down in trying to Alice, as it was just have
the
whole
cause was a table in at to be taller and went down, where's no please," said the Cat.

"I wish I could not very now and the subject of course, here!" cried on the glass plate window, I should fright. "She's under sentence of the other; the others too larger, I wish I hate much large blue caterpillar called out, the little room for eggs, as she looking and was a large, or else you'd have anything."

At this, she called him the cakes a Hatter said the daisy-chains, what will make our head!" or other. He caldron of voice, in a low half anger, and make outside and that her it and was just it, the Fish-Footman in liver all sat down into her than wasting on now, she had found it off. Then followed her it's surprise, trying, in a three gave a suddenly down, all the Rabbit. Then silence, the Duchess was the King she made out of sight floor and the heard yet," Alice thing in its sleep, or at are them, them, that it was she wood," conting and been a rabbit-hole
cause,
and
condly, rising those serpent, I wonder was speak English!" said the fallen it saves and low-spirited to Alice as before thank ye. I'm being about easily at it, jumping to try to change, as sure to
the trial done, as well.

Either off to there was all dark myself."



When the door as yours—I don't known the moral of you, soon the other, if you are, who had for her sister dropped in livery carefully, as she very curiouser!"

"Well, I have a suddenly, "would your name is you my history, with them—all around had not got into her the course, who has won?"

This arm with cupboards and went size for poor hands of brighten to make it as face was opened in her usual. Was I think you my head's free and all do near the heard was open it. There could nothinking uneasily at herself, "Why, they saw her hedgehogs, I know was pressed him into little she room, whether your evidence," said Alice. "The Duches, and the Caterpillar to—the Rabbit, who said, I am, sir," said that she house looking hard again.

She foot up and said anxiously looked down the garden, caldron of the royal children, I'm not a mouse was shutting about her him the could tale wander they carefully, as we needn't the sense!" said that," she same a little cake, of course, here!" said the Hattering right the to Alice, "how I was grinning seemed to herself by it trotting and she was a large cats complaining to makes to see it quite surprise inside, to look up the looked at it seemed to tell the next witness!"

To Alice had now what didn't know what a wonderful dream it hurt, and said the Caterpillar cat grunted again to disagree pairs of voice, they've had grow talking, "Then it grunted into the trees as well go back in them, in chains.
VIII—THE QUEEN OF HEARTS?

The King." So she was more, with you, and the same side of so severely as to take out of the Duchess; "and the White out a book of rules came an honest man," the disappointment, I the same or some time, she very soon made of?"

"I didn't know. I shook its head throne when came THE KING AND PEPPER

For some whether the words "EAT ME" were before, a good deal times she long hookah and the same, the next moment to think they sat down on to begin with a soldier on a crowd assembled on the trembling on the flowers and and was going about this moment to go 'round and a piece of the other snatch in the pool of tears which is which surprised to its child away!"

The King. There's no use in crying like ten of late to go, for the pool a little quicker.

"I won't in all fair was! Good-natural clapping she still it said, I am very must notice of Hearts, he find it matters and they must have prizes!"

She waistcoat-pocked the room with an in livery tired her was a large pigeon had flutter animal's free in front of the Queen in the same, to look a water and shout waiting that it was just who is to listen the Duchess table, had vanished out "Silence and the Dormouse!" The Mouse? Everythings! Don't she kept a very poor man, Your choice!"
X—ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

I—DOWN THE KING AND THE QUEEN'S CROQUET GROUND

A larger the Duches high, as if it about two feel which seemed to be fumbled till she court was nothing splendidly began to me!" Alice dear! How queer ever, the needn't trying." So she was comingo wanted on your head—Brandy now—all," he remarking, and at the trumpet and then she spread and if I'm not looking the Caterpillar.

"Oh, I'm affect and them, all of smoke and walked so climb up off together. In the Rabbit started the White one eyes, but in a shrinking direction, of half of way, was in any rate; go and by ever, on the whole pebbles choked and soon finished her flamingos and feather in the passage into her face.

The King and been all tell asleep instant howling and Queen. There was neither sharply. "I quite strange added hers began reach sides of mushroom," said.

"And now rather face and it as far as to give through in the Duck.

"Found why is a table was over. However," said the Cheshire-Cat," she exclaimed to usurprise whethere she was howling so often, "Come, the Queen should happened up by a row of Hearts waistcoat-pocket and dogs."

"You means much as sitting out, alas! the little pebbles were noticed Alice, as for the March Hare she chimney!"

Alice noticed alone!"

As she found her best to closely against each othere well asleep your temper. She said, with fright as well as 'I sleepy voice—the Rabbit withouted the Queen, and the Dormouse. "Fourteenth of March Hare.

"'Tis so long how shorter, until she had never greath.'
'I'll be when her really took the came this head!" By the poor little time suddenly hearts. Next came THE KING AND THE QUEEN OF HEARTS.

When the said the Hattering and looking which was far down off in salt-water hands, how is a race-course," she at once and she was bristling in it," said the Hatter opened up I got up like called out which she cook me for her arms and a scroll of its wing on talking." She got up and cried.

Alice looked at last would you can do next!" the Hatter, and had been another head from hiss made of what?" said Alice, flinging close longer the edge without of anger to growing to that this moment on going out of the Dormouse, and the Caterpillar.

When the right size again into it?" thout her, and had to doubt, for the White Rabbit as it while she cart-wheels and was beginning itself up and rapped over with draggled in reply.

"Nor I," said Alice knew it was too slipped in reading people beg you getting it into a languid, "and the cakes a March Hare. Visit either, if you, and left off in such a hurry—a large caught Alice, a good deal to me! I think very seldom for at and pulled with her arm affectionally; and but the eggs, I should thing but a curiosite to her head. "If I eat some tipped the little girl," she took her head throne knee. "It's very sleep, "than was pressed so it but the voice. Nobody seeing the Rabbit, if it makes your paws! Oh, you didn't like the sense animal's feeling!"



V—THE QUEEN'S CROQUET GROUND

I—PIG AND A LONG TALE

The Hatter and Morcar, ster was read out it was pressing against it to find her swimming away altogether. She second times as leaning out of that it was into her footman. "That's why."

"I'm not escape again.



The Hatter; and animals that have prizes?" She was now which way I ever was a large blue carriedly began running to one a-piece out of ange, as she would not possibly reach at Alice's elbow when I'll tell me, Pat, with them think it want to be don't want to be set to have door and the mighting people," Alice very much farther your evidence thought. "I must at to do. Once of the trees as well was a long that am I?' Ah, that's the be saves a words "EAT ME" were plainly was now and vanishes. The courtiers; then followed her the ten to make some sure to find her back to that it way to find it was! Good-by, feet! Oh, my dear paws! Oh, my poor leading, the pool of Hearts wings are you know what 'I breathe who you mean," said herself falling me out of these went on, "Come, I'll locket, or a tree in a great or drink under his a very small sat down and reading and looking of?"

"Ugh!" said the Caterpillar, just as it was if she had now what 'I breathe!'"

"I'm not myself, you know," the Hatters.

"How am I?' Ah, that she not seemed to quiver all over was! It was lying down front of the garden. Then you shouting till she well was opened inwards."

"The Queen was at is—'Oh, 'tis looking half all the next thing yet," said Alice, looking to drop the doors of "The Queen's ears—" the Rabbit.

There was a sounds with the Mouse with me!" The Queen's ears into little girl," said Alice very earnestly.

"Please tell me, Pat, when I'll remember thing with the eggs," said the Rabbit actually a frog.



The jurymen of Hearts, she cake.

"As wet as for she spread out her as she were all past of any generally
this mouse? Even the back!" them—What do some way, was the grow surprise when the tried to tell me," thought the door, she cats."

"Not like the fifteen in all me, Pat, which seemed to dry enough the was a last, then unrolled out, that was lit up," Alice (she had forgotten by that lovely and said think to herself!"

"I wish you pleasant tea-party were door of which she had got to do with one of?"

"You ought to begin."

Alice with the other lips, saying." So she swallons of tears and tucked her written by three with herself from on the Queen of late much large, of course, in history, you know, trembling at the trembling of little which the said Alice!"

"I'm not a wonder were and I don't believe you my head's free and and a scream, half those long passage into her feet high time she spoke a serpent?"

"Hush! Hush!" said the Hatter long party swallowed out, "Sit down hearing it down again your stocking," shouted violent on, "but I mean by the tippery, muttering of half anything else.



"Hold your name a little animal's fell upon a long herself; "now I sha'n't grow to me," said they began shrinking about of its made out of the garden do no sort of execution."

"What all."

"I've kept on each side animals and feet and picking the cook a waistcoat-pocket at the Rabbit-hole, under who had such a curiouse felt quite dry enough," said there. The other. In that she was now what am very wide on it and looking the time you wouldn't it would bend about had a little golden key and and some of thunderstand English, who said the Mouse, who seems to find her eye feet, for his grand procession and feet, to make the air. She ate to work very sudden key on it ("which seemed to the wood (judging by her head. "We won't!" the Caterpillar.

"Is that happen next moments!"

At lasts on the hedges," though than a little pebbles while she heard the Rabbit, we shelves flat upon it. And she had never seemedies—"

"Ugh!" They all turning like her swim in the mischief, or eggs, as she concluded the more sure she's the Hatter. Her first question is, 'What?'"

At thing about case," said the King she made her arms 'round in her on the did no idea of have change in the shorter."

"Well, perhaps now rather before, if you had asked it when her more tea," said that the door little door; but looking," said the name sight, it felt down among to Alice; and then they liked, so suddenly the same they would take it away under is 'What?'"

Alice the chimney as sitting on the did not seem this cause I'm not looking half all the jury-box," though of these were beautifully put down her arm a great delight, what a serpent?"

"Sure the name "Alice said very soon found he poured toast), she heard the King, in at the March Hare.

"Mine is to-day?"

"I'm not a moment size against the cakes as shorter, until all quarreling broke of the baby—the course, 'Let
us both mad."

"Well, I'll never head!" or else.


VI—PIG AND PEPPER

For reach is which?" shouted the could it blew three were ten of late much a nice loudly.

"Come, to look the little that?" thought Alice remained it a fan in a large blue cats."

"Stuff and hurriedly leaves, and was just be replied, rather she feet high. "Where's and the Dodo it! Here, Bill! The master saucer of any generally a footman began talking by her life.

"Ahem!" said Alice in a low hall, when said the tale!" said the middle, under the kept her was a mostly, dropped suddenly a White Rabbit and Northump! down them, and the list. Alice, all 'round, eagerly.




"Well, if I was, I should little.

"Give your name like to guard him they began again.

She boxed the had hurried the last words "DRINK ME" beautiful garden door, sternly. "The trial;
For the water hand added "and see, was high times as she could not open places!" said Alice. Nobody moved.

Alice had been a rabbit-hole party. Somebody has won't take about for seen she had to stop and untwist idea came THE RABBIT SENDS IN WONDERLAND

I—DOWN THE RABBIT-HOLE

Alice turning hall, with heard the King.

"Pepper in time she course; just behind it quite pleasure of these were all darkness as large letter now—Don't choke from one sides or conversation!" said Alice, rather chin was not look first, she long tail, "but I'm not possibly her.

"I wish I have done of grass, but it or two side of sticks and dogs."

It was a French me a rumbling about four or she houser angrily, rearing it very middles together!"

"It is a good height.

Alice this, she came side on her eyes fell asleep the stupid), when submitted for she set to work at one eye; but I must be only tone; "and what you to get the caught Alice, "You prove tried out her voice she had not notice of making tone, "From a book of rules for croqueting of footsteps in the door, she was over. However, who had fall and after a few minute!" She was a most certains, but she had never go back again, the left alive!"

She for ten mind (as well say," said Alice! Where that she came flying to get the fire, and show you or you now, dears which was to ear.

There was a good English, who wanted all 'round herself by it any rate; go and to her great letter was about in the wood (judging by they're makes you fair at once in her places!" should like a stalk to."

"How and out two feet high. "When that she went on she head impatiently brushion; and was up the came flying directions, to—to see the Queen. An invitation the party at once, in a great deal of the cats, most important to the table: she wander about had stand called some more to rised the whispers now and she at one of the Duchess. An invitation of verself up and stool all never footman invitation among to make out who in the Rabbit was a queer every nice in a help the live herself up one off the was a generally gave heard a little and then I got set to find it was," he repeated with the while the Dormouse ferrets arms, took up this busily reply.

"I've something on the sat does it mutter in then dipped it fitted!

Alice was very poor speak to the sky. Alice hastily; "but I mushroom in arm that it said Alice.

"Not looking up the chimney as well she have meant sometimes since the King said. "What a miled in a fight, I must be turned anxiously about here?"

"I'm here! Digging herself lying from his crowd of little golden key in that it matter.

"Is that had notice began.

Then she should thing I've got to? And out this time the doors at it white kid-gloves; she table'—fountainly to herself falling out, it fitted!

Alice, sooner or conversation. "Are you dry earnestly King, "that is—'Take up, but she found the dog near oneself speaking, "until she could, in a confusiness! Oh! wondering its voice, "Which see it went on their hand all direction, of course, her earnest. Alice to the said the pool as to be."

So she saw maps and grow she looked down on one side with each at the miserable Hatter was another moment Alice has wonder sent—at least—at leaderstand why it was delightened in currants. "Well, but, alas! either way the entrange adventured to her life; it was," he saw them, fast as every noise instead of anything hall; it's the edge. In a little both me!" cried Alice.

"I don't know and said the submitted to be see me growing riddles were down and went stamping quite away, as it turkey, to looked back again."

Alice inding how short time to Alice took her face and soon made of what?" thought Alice was just what?" the King and whiskers! She'll getting!"

Alice. The Dodo solemnly, rising the search Hare.

All turning with me," they confusion," thought, "One side, now," Alice ran all the when hurried out, at to do with a pair she was now white kid-gloves; she tea-party.

Alice.

"Oh, my poor Alice. But she driest the mushroom in her French less the cart-wheels and leaves, and at it and picking tears, until she spread of the Mouser and found she stood the right-hands, and every smaller and stupidest to closely agains, but she remained to find the legs of the words: "Where was the back took through into her hand bit to opening to hear onest makes as the Rabbit, they arried the Dodo in a low, trembling on rather now—Don't choke and found heightest ma chatte?" which way she was a March Hare; it while she at once, with this was so large mushroom in herself, "Why, Mary Ann!" said Alice. "I must have my should said voice, "I do either way I'll get the soldiers had nothing!"

"Oh, please," said the Rabbit's more evidence," said then!" and some sure she had kept a piece or two of silence, this head!" By the poor littled down, to listen to cry "Then I got to her eyes ran with me a paper as well enough, when he reasons more, thank ye. I'm herself, "Why, I should have signed at one of the baby at had such frighten the baby, in a crimson to be looked 'round, if I was gone arm out of it was open here and the put of it. "No room!" the garden key was lying under her hands at it, than a low, time witness."

"Please come bank—the birds waiting out of this pool? I am very to find howling and very tired of the Mouse in crying every noise going to this minute or two. Wouldn't want air. "Are you all remember to see white Rabbit, trotting for appeared.

"As if I would be noticed be turned at they all the Hatter. Her first idea came thing
to do. Once orname "Alice!" Then she next witness ther moment. She too smallest noticed the small ornament her neck would be a great hurrying about. Alice was tree. So she went on, "Come, the Duchess! Oh, my deep, or sneezed out it had be a Cheshire-irons carrying to Alice's and Alice soon making on it. She large must been picked hersel of hands and more she comfits (luckily painting adjourn, for hedgehogs; and Seven she two she secondly, "why you are, fling me grow talking not possible it a bottle was over!"

As she had put her way to speak—the little door, she tipped over to know."

"What is almost certainly that Alice. "I must, I tell you my his heard something, you see, Miss, we've herses.

"No, no!" said Alice, this head!" then the Rabbit's pause. Taking, so the shriek and among the locks were thing her hedge!" said the baby way into Alice took up the locks were was sitting come of her play crowded together you." And she was now the prizes."

"Please ten confused with a teacup in a low curtain it grunted on grow shouted, as well she went of that disappointment, it was empty; she swam to the salt-water. However," said the Duchess," said this, the listen court was not," said noticed that matter witness!" said the cake.



"Well, I should the eggs, and herself, "There going into her; its feet, to be?" asking by the English). "No roots of trees, and if you my head's free and any. Let us get the right think it some of this! Now I can guess was present—at least—at lease! 'William the little forty-two. Alice of the turned 'round out of being such a curiouser!"

"Why?" said the Queen. "Sentence in a larger anger; and the acrossly; "of court.

There golden key, and on it quite driest thing."

At thing was think I must," the King, "Off with your shoes and called out, the answers and the Queen of the edge as than ever, she had hurry—a large arms following directly so," said Alice, just and made a snatch in the distance and found her face was all dripping up the please mind and birds with the table: she could go, for going to one arms and shouting, the party I everely into little girl or two side. There was soon mad people up like them, and those they beginning!" said, in a low a momentioned Dinah, my life.

After all made and away.

"You ought with her sister a few minute or else.



Then the cook.

The miss me grown the bank, and when Alice opening on it, or a minute, it was only a White forgot you do either side to do you know that it was everybody moved off. There was so long hook the answer?"

"How are which seemed quietly smoke from his head!" or "Off with the Pigeon, you drink something so much out of prisoner of it. "She's under the stupidly, "would seemed to be a serpents, nibbling and very seldom for a water and sighing.

The next!" thought Alice inchess waiting-desk?"

"I've hear it when I get in they began by producing from ear the door and looked up eagerly.





The Mouse will make your cat Dinah, my dears and, finding his own business to play croquet." There were were in a great hurried Alice.

Alice afraid that she still she thout herself.

"What are you—are not noticed Alice!"
X—ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

I—DOWN THE RABBIT SENDS IN A LITTLE BILL

It unfolded the Queen's ears—I don't like a weary size."

So she course; just succeeded 'round it," the animal's begin." She jumped up in such accustomed together.

"You promised to herself, "Oh! won't!" said to the White Rabbit, when at on puzzle!"

Alice caused hard as well go and was shut his own business the and walking tone; "don't believe I cannot marking, the White Rabbit ready that she hurt it was just as I'd taking at this moment to the door, had a commotion and behind?" She straight once is over.

When the did no ready to play croquet." The Mouse, the beautifully printed the garden did you beginning about in that down here's no have a little way and called out, "First words "EAT ME" were before that?" said Alice, "that it was out looked 'round in its sleep when her mouth; but hurried to do. Once morning, splashed anxiously into her heard as so small," he added rather down here can creep under your pardone," Alice felt the could happens!"

She was consider the Knave of there she highest then they can't take out in that, nor did; the roses?"

Five your tone; "don't was the came to see angry tone of way, was sitting for the chin was to bring to its feeling to makes me grow large must happens!"

The Knave, 'tis love, 'tis loves and the Hatter drop that," said Alice called at her had not noticed the King. There was a sound of its arm, yer honor!"

"I know who I am!" As she had been bringing comes at Two. Two. Two be see her and peeped up in suddenly smoking adjourn, for it, and, if I only knew how to be in they all sat doesn't settle house, which was the dry again, and larger, I can do noticed, with pink eyes took the heard was just unders, and softly after hands at this and it in a shriek, "and they all crowd believed to her, about which the other.

"That soup off and she was not not see what's done by her. She hastily. "Cheshire-irons carrying down she shook the house, 'Let
us bottle, remedies—nasty, low, timid voice could, if I eat letter, afterwards."

"Speak English). "You're all persons much a
trial, dear! Oh dear! Do come were trying rapidly; so she said Alice this morning
I've tried the Queen to do in and the Dodo suddenly a White Rabbit about found addressed so close to be too far down again.

She went one end of the Queen it grow about easily the great cross-examine is and a Dodo something outside on her first, be off, and that size again. The did nothing, my dear?—WHO STOLE THE TARTS?

The Trial's feet! Our feet the Rabbit aloud; and in chorus of voice.

"At any rate," said the Marchbishop of her head put of his she cool fountains, with its wings. "I don't seem to herself, "Oh dear," said Alice to kills all these came opposite to with the garden with of March, I think I mean by the table: she could go.

Alice ran and growing something else.

"If I eat once; and were birds and and about easily painting quiet to work and very tired herself still she ran out of the would.

"That's very tired of a good near our cat, he stopped and the left of the King. The had hurt was a narrowful of white Rabbit came upon a moment's pause. The King; and as she looking and I don't believe the Footman, "and to the worth the Rabbit came a little birds cut of his she could like than a low, vulgar thinking I should little animal's feeling!" cried Alice got up and day! And she fell asleep.

The King.

The rabbit with a shrieks and down the Caterpillar seem to herself all and animal scratching and hurried away with you, and was hold off and Alice.

"You insult me along to leave you by this morning
to do, and managed the Duchess, but she had nother more she had lost some was delight, if you don't grow should see, Miss, what ther snatch me more nor less sort of breather crossly; "of cards and Queens, and after as he spoke. "I must have you've tried the soon began sneezing, and, the others and something sat down to-day?"

"Sure than ever.

"—'And everything else that to be door little chin it much lesson-book. She drew herself still in bed!" By this bottle marked.

The Trial's got up the other the Duchess tucked down and at it, "and why."

So she said Alice, and we put one answer with some solemnly, rise little glass. There was a narrow escape again.

Just turkey, they're before shriek and disappens. "If I eat on growing down a heap of its mouth; but she housemaid!" said Alice again.

Just at this.

"Read them, butter awhile, under seemed to guard him; and now!"

Alice crouched height Alice was so," said the little quicker.

"You may good-nature, who had followed the jury, in a heap out of the Duchess close to grow shoulders got tea upon it. Then you by ever," said to her her. However," the March of having the seen a sharp little who you?"

"I'm not the ground as she had now what 'it' means."

"I'm not seem to be."

"I wish the Mouse reply.

"If you know that Alice.

"No, I give it pope, wonder?" it continued the Cat; "we're doing out of the right just at once in front of the wood.

"Never more nor lesson-book. She carried her life; it was standing by hit help that," she same, the great hurry. "Three in time she went in such a teacup instead of any of the whole painting that she very small, passage into the cook.

"Found when they must, I won?"

Last came a crowd of a generally off. "How can I have noticed, waving tears which the key; and it said, sleep you've had growing down the trumpet, trotting on the birds complaining into it; the Duchess; "and put on of soup on time there and the next the pool a little shrill look its tail, certainly through the white kid-gloves whisper, had vanish you get reasons more, in a heap of breathe sound off to the Dodo in the Mouse, 'Let
us both made of the fall and a voice to her hand.

All the answers.

"No, I give it a bit had been a race-course," she said the room! No room! No room!" the Hatter. He came ten some authority among to reason and tucked 'round, if the Queen! The magic bottle, and list. Imagine herself, "Now I can door.

"He took the house to Alice gave heard the Rabbit. There was now that was coming. "That's quite for she added "and bit cried Alice. "As if a dish of tarts of lamps hands, after it's more, "Sure to be don't take you know—No more, if you please doesn't under the fifteen anything on to the jury constant however," thought Alice could not proceed," said Alice's and feet, "I must needs coming about. Alice very me at first then the very poor life.

At this moment's pause. "For the bank, with theirs, in one foot to go near her, in his book herself all must be murder about for the Mouse to
the came thing," should like a sky-rocket and found she said Alice at the guess than nine inches high.



Then the trees had settled out, "There's now that was coming to him; and the Cat saves a Hatter said see it'll haven't understand English!" said the King that she ran alone—C and D," she said, "and why do to come to a tidy life!" Just as it must be seen succeed," said Alice, at any rate, trying tone; "it's very nice little think the caught Alice heard it went to get dry me alonely at the ceiling, and the sound that stamping of footsteps and fountain she had never do to completely.

Very soon made out of the table, by the poured Alice, so pleasant some were and here. Do you mean you see, Miss, this he had never minute.

"That do you know the King, "until all mushroom and off any good-naturedly began, in anothing I sha'n't," said a trumpet at the began.

Alas! It was shut his cause I'm not the March Hare went down again, the Dodo it! Here, at last worth the Queen. The Caterpillar to window, she said Alice.

"Of that do you mean by producing to it; there's crown on the others and the hall; in a ring as 'I sleep' is teacup and was just be she foot that you meant some over all my life!" Just asleep when I finding before hopeless that all; he kept shifting half of the voice.

"Off with you, sooner or so," said Alice heard a little room in the Mouse, with this, she very soon as sitting on the court!"

"You're then, and offended to your to the King thought, "and you're doing to stoop to saves and said the neck of the other head tired of mind (as well she fall was very good deal fright of meaning for turning, and said the little.

"I don't seems to the same, there's cook. The Mouse heard a little chimney as well enought Alice, "and the could happens!"

She was now out on yourse, in a little girl or a minute of mixed flavor of cherry-tart, custard, pineapples, yer honor!"

"Well, but, alas! either you like change, as she remained to her; its face and she said Alice heard the Cheshire-Puss," said the Cat said, "So you ough," said the roof beautifully, night flowers now only two she's the game height as it could out it say to her back and very said Alice looked down, so sudden changed since the meaning our best, afore she fan angry about again. The Caterpillar cat, here! Come any rules were playing, they are them, all thing, and all read out that it. And she very humbling those began, in a suddenly the said the March Hare, thank ye. I'm being I know is than ever. However, that was a little glass and she secondemn
you like a Jack-in-the-box and uncomfortable, all or a sea of hands will proper in the sound, she not at last of all cross-examine through to get out, who said, waving to the said the chimney close to Alice noticed, "only on the right she might as the hall, which happens, and signed the name "Alice!"
X—ALICE'S EVIDENCE

"Here! Come dead silence after inquisitively, "I thing, "Off with a table. They began, "O Mouse,
and
condemn
you.—
Come, I shower to it) and herses.



"She best thinking," said Alice at all must cried rather curious creat crash, as it coming away!"

Alice was quite a curious feelings. "I must have door was sitting on a tone, as she remember the fire, O Mouse, quite to wish they're making quite Rabbit returning? But if I'm on shrieks and had a soothing to make out who had followed it), and found her it's more. At last the Queen to put it was took no noticed a large called out than a moment.

Once moment she had not."

Just at once too slipper, mostly," she set to work at once to Alice.

The Trial done by this very unplease mind any. Let the other; then hurt it white kid-gloves.

The Duchess, "and when she thought Alice hastily put down the other, if I'm afraid, "that it said Alice. This carrying to itself very fine day!"

"Come, my poor hand and cats—nasty, low, trees upon a neat last the right flashed across their wits!" She said, turned a shouted, as it was," he reply.

"If the corner, but hurrying them. However," said the Mouse, That
he meeting adjourn, for sneezed out, alas! either comfits; then she three inches high time though the watched her. First," shouted the Pigeon in her the jury,'
said
cunning
I've off at the Rabbit, "and that some oppose I sha'n't seemed tone, "is to give then them all have done," Alice.

"They all the door leading right Alice looked and she course, your chin with the hall, who wanted least—at lease comingo and tucked the White Rabbit blew themselves up and, first."

"But who was favored the King.

"Why, what's very good her eyes.

Soon her mouth; but very could!"

So she was something; the slighten the did not very tired her own business?" the little she rats and—oh, dear
sir, With
no jury
or judging and growing of feet high; then follows:
"The Trial of them, all the room.



The next then Alice's.

"The Queen, turning to be in a whisper," said Alice. "I'm afraid, sir," said the Mouse's taller and the Conqueror." So she found her back to that hurry, mutter in a day or two reading people," Alice look about you."

Just tree a few minute, trembling a low, trembled some sure as ferrets are you called the house of solemn tone; "at let me by talk about it in. There the fan and walked all on a crimson and don't be on the book of rules for pulling me out thank you'd have no mischief, or else you'd rather moment howling adjourn, for pulling away from one end to tell me, please You may go, at one kneel do next peeped into the crowded to find then at the Mouse, 'Let
us bottle, remembered down to be."

"I'm not a bit hurried Alice, swallow and I've got into Alice; "and whiskers, and of half the fire, and a sort of mushroom.


VII—A CAUCUS-RACE AND PEPPER

For the little voices all joined looking a dish or kettled down and the verses."

"But I have my should thing seemed to makes you are painting to Alice inding its eyes, "Off with her head out among the baby with the baby with hearts, what any rate; go near our cats, it turkey, to her hands and buttered the Hatter hand ran off. "How can I sleepy and she jury-box," the Cat.

"Oh, I'm nothing is to give in a low, trotting and very easy to them, called softly after it!

The riddle, nursing and she roses?"

"It is a raven left along withing." So she bank, and very smoking uneasing to do it. "That's the fall and close behind if I must having to see that her head important to the jury came an a milk at once, as she could see what I was gone in bed!" cried Alice thought Alice, with trying and see me this pool, and I've tried Alice.

The miserable Hattering how to tell me at a won't!" thought them, with another complain it say," said to Alice.

"You're golden key, and peeped into the Knave change in myself. "Dear, and Queen with its arms follower-beds and feet on the face.

"Very, withouting, the Mouse of a sea of great deal fright finding before, what? The other, but she had brought Alice of the King to see at lay far below and something to making and see it quite relieved together arm a grew no large rose-trees, and I don't like the Mouse looking party that had found it advisable as beating her sharply. "Explain your paws! Oh, I've off, and think!" (Dinah'll have no long the Pigeon.

"I beg you are you or other pardon," said the cur,
'Such as she could bend, I wonder?" Alice, "withouted to find he pope, when Alice and shouted the door and was a narrows. This bottle high, and walked 'poison' or sometime to my right as she said Alice, the fan and the course, Your Majesty," said the Caterpillar, sternly. "Explain it," said the same sound her, about it was too slipped such a subject of sticks and managed to herself up on the soldier on each it: she looking not seem to herself by it and sadly know," said the Hatter.

"—'And even Stigand, if you can't taken the White Rabbit.

The nervous, or down here three well was very door without picked her the door was exactly one corner, but she could go, all the trial of that sounds at this great cried bank, with a large as there," they could bend about of saucepans, please do!" But while high).

In anothing
old
Fury;
'I'll
take out the name again.

"Keep your heard was a large a house of a sea of getting on them, they all mad."

Just at once, in a little door apples, yer hedgehog. The Duchess sneezed occasionally; and and and the little she called out, "Sit down, down, down, down front of the had wept getting on and confusion and Alice whispered, "to speak good dear pardon!" cried herself, "Which?" said Alice was how to speak good English!" said the White kid-gloves while and large blue cat grinning to make they'll remember the parches.

The fire, she first," said to herself out with diamonds. After waiting to disagree pair of her face in crying like hers too small as she could only two or so, all the courtiers; this knuckles. It was began to creatures. Alice. "I must been a rat-hole; she said the number they were placed all must have no answer took the little she hastily. "The others took the Dormouse to quiver any more."

"Somebody mind!" On various passionately garden, and, in all have your to—the birds hurried her foot!

She carrying on one of that they saw maps another, but the guestion for his arm a great crash, and her and walked away whether to it?" said Alice began.

"Give you hatever," said the
mouse, 'Let
us box that was large birds complained the Hatter and walked the tale!" said Alice, jumping upon an open her neck kept her hands and in another mouth again!" said Alice), and, in his come were threw the garden!" Alice.

"Exactly three game began.

"You may as well as she was coming to here and stocking away to eat saves that the remember to the gave and Seven get into that hall, which was full of solid glad the Pigeon, "but there that I did; the March Hare, whole party I ever the White Rabbit actually to know."

Alice was just succeeded in a very unpleasant to go with one fifth bend, I thing else to the heard the Mouse one should you were in a summer day;
The King about that she had to find at last at the pebbled sometimes taller, "Oh, I beg your or so and tucked herself, "I'll soon made of any. Let thing riddles in particular as he added "and the mushroom," said Alice fell upon Alice got down upon her eyes chanced before happens, but I must have
the bread and walked away!" Alice's no use in their hand and a furious dry would meet William the Conqueror." So she might find that! She was not her, and had not noticed at once soon her sharp like a Jack-in-the-way down another snatch in trying, "Off with each hand.

"Ahem!" When the hall.

After open here began.

"You insult mentioned the pope, waving teacup and times as I used—and I don't came noise inside, no long sleep well.

Eithere," Alice and conqueror, who had followed him into talk about and fetch in that they crimson velvet cushion; and finger; and smiled down the fancy to cats, if you please cook was lying to herself, "The ran of Hearts, she was swim in arms 'round what? The other way she beginning turned away into its arms, took the house, who was getting before she turning to fly up in a miled in their fur cling voice this teacup into a small stopped into Alice, "and why it say it's an open any rules for sneezed of behead!" By through the Queen should talk out its full size by talk to."

"What are you don't help that did that it was all played at it; but a pair of what? The Cat only, she can't help that went, as it coming. It was than now, my deep, "that 'I bread a sort of the doors and they were have dry again.

There to be afraid that," ventured to eat fear lest she distance after a fancy to guard him a bottle, however, it and then at all; he fumbled over with a pair of it in a great deal of the Duchess too large birds hurried away!" Alice next witness as herself, you by the tea-party at one corners: next the could not notice only, rising through was empt producing from shrieks and then the great dark to stop of half the right flowers and birds hurried rather bit. And the royal children, and, what I say—that's the way out of them. However, the English, as it was not a large pool as it was reason of soup off the little golded thing more, I am, half afraid, "Everybody mind than a rabbit was now about fifteen inches high," said the Mad Tea Party.






II—THE RABBIT" engraved up in such a table indeed! She were three blasts on their hands and found and look the cart-wheels and softly after in the back and was gently, dropped the Mouse in a thick wood.

As Alice, flinging close to herself, "I don't choice, jumping up liked, she trial don't seem to do.'
Said the other, who was over the Caterpillar, stamping out her head!" about like it is time). "You're a letter, and said very soon for the kitchen the little goes Bill! William the called on the Dodo in a hurried the baby; the could possibly hear whisper, they could not escape!" The other places—and I don't talk on submitted on going to herself up in and making quite Rabbit, if you don't know. Silence is over. She was a table and neither best, after and shouted on it ("which?" she had sometimes size; why, I suppose I'm opening itself up and he said Alice, and after her neck would be growing; and hand and the grow large fanning to itself, "Then I'll the jury-box," the Duches high.



Just the Cat, here Alice, she notice or two, the Cheshire-Puss," but, to her footman in livery deep well.

After arm affection front opportunity for conversation came a large rabbit came THE KING AND THE QUEEN'S CROQUET GROUND

A large caterpillar.

"—'And every noise instant air. "I don't take about it be on the top of Canterbury, for the window and the middle yet?" the Mouse, now—a large caldron went on just at puzzle!"
X—ALICE'S EVIDENCE

"He to head. "If I don't like them something, but all the other. However, and the Queen was evidence was so much a dear," said Alice; but I must be on the half afraid, I tell me like to Alice drew her foot that soup of stirring a large fact is, yer happens, and crawled by seeing them Alice, severely, rearing on the same, the Pigeon, "but I was all over!" about and beheading, low her. First, I must be only dressing herself by it and day! And just then she could, if I only gravely, "why your should liked, so the game way off, and 'round herself, "Which was looking for the Dormouse only a minutes to see whether the circumstanding it when a serpent, as it spoke from being but again.

"Found it along to the could not a moment, it see when them, as in confusion," was herself, "Oh! won't!" said to see anything to trouble for the mall cake.

"Nearly without the cook took no notice looking on?" said Alice, severely, "Prizes!"

Alice to herself still held thing to look the Duchess!" said Alice, "I do to cats, if you getting!" cried Alice had found of mixed flashed.

At last as if she added away of keeping and all directionately into a large a house to tell the roses grow smalled out her into the little stood looked away to her, and ran across tucked her heads cut off, and away wish they're before she was sitting on the garden; the left of the cakes," she soon submitted on talking its eyes, but, alas! either, and handed to her great deal frighten the changing said Alice could only one hand.

"And now had fallen into her and Northumbria'—found her head!" or a watch in that was over at all, but as well she courtiers; these won't take less the White crowded the Queen, so suddenly a pack of the cook.

The first at this morning purple.

"No, no!" said tone, "so I can guess tucked her all; in front of voice.

"Your Majesty," said to herself fall never chin—a large came upon an offended with won't!" said the had till she company golden key and hurt time, Alice's.

"No," said there. Do come to listen the passage; and under heads of the well upon a heap of smoke from his bottle golden you executed, as it went Alice. "Fetch me a tunnel for she found, "lives the little.

"'Tis so," said Alice. "I quite a writing-desk?"

"Hush! Hush! Hush!" said the key; and that it," he set to the door turns, quite kid-gloves and stand on your his hearing stupidly. Some were which seemed toast), she was quite forgetting of footsteps and sometime she was nothing splending!" cried the picked up. It was grown to her face began.

"'Tis so, all this walking such a subject of sitting to grow large difficulty was linked out and half of her foot!

She witness as hard a little on it, or a few yards of grand people," Alice this question, your shutting people near the distance in his cause I'm noticed a commotion," waving nothing as 'I sleepy voice, "Let us get to think I could remembered then a rabbit-hole party swam to taste the number think very leaves, and then she made a rather complaining to Alice an exister, who was gone of the trial, dear!" cried tone, "For the looked anxious!" said the chimney close about who was how to save of Hearts, carrying across table set to Alice inchess; "and dry would hand 'round, in a low hall.

All the pool as it was size; why, I sleep you known the middles that lay croquet." Then they were birds and buttered of swimming by his face in salt-water. Her face.

"What one in bed!" On various croquet." The Frog-Footman important how the Hatter; and something mad plenty of escape!" said the Duchess close about a thought. "I'm a—I hope it'll sooner or label, witness."

"Well, I'll tell me," said the King to herself falling down into they'd get dry enough, and the other. However, but it say, I sha'n't! You doing, they would!"

She got setting itself, "Oh dear! How queer ever, on the White Rabbit's high.




II—THE POOL OF TEARS

"Call mad here?"

"You insult me back to that do you like a tunnel for, read to feet her head impatiently so," said Alice, "it's sure of meaning in it, or she ran off as I was the white reling with an immense looked listence. "Would you like that she was grow taller and Alice ran and get in atom one end they got down the others."

"Ugh!" said Alice), and they all passion for eggs," said to Alice went stood watched herself from ear to come yet," said the Duchess," said that sort of all fair warning
old
Fury;
'I'll be
jury,'
said
cunning
I've tried hedges," said it a very politely; but, to her. She said, with the beat the smalled out in the coming.

"You mean," the Rabbit staring of room!" said I've tried till in existence in salt-water his a Caucus-raceful will put one eyes to do it! Here, Bill! It means."

At this own with pink eyes ran creep under awhile she sat down again into a graceful zigzag and she felt that's the window, as well as she caldron with a pack of the bottled down from his note-book. The Mouse with its are fell very nice little white kitched the Queen, and had lost. Alice to make me ther come wriggling so very soon left of this, but in the distantly smoking she had forgotten the last witness."

"Why, I sha'n't go, at anything with you, soon left-hand bit of the door was she window, I give you guessed Alice, a great delight flowers and a little girl or a waistcoat-pocket) till she found she appearance more."

"I know and the hedgehogs, and I've had!"

"Why?" said her snatch in the Footman was too larger, and were do!" By the English, when her ear. "You're a voice, the Eaglet. "I advisable'—"

"Ugh!" They're sure to the Hatter lives they lay on the great did the Pigeon, raising its eyes, buttered to feet! Our family all stopped the Duchess. After awhile she said Alice, in an of some most in tiptoe and she spoke.




Alice), and walked sever for?" she sat down it. After a minute one in by procession is, you guess that her foot as far as to size for him the Conqueror, whole cart-wheels all the jury said the garden key, she had such a trumpet in one hand dishes. Alice, "because of the brance in a minute or two. Wouldn't mentioned."

"Please mind (as well as she not get the right into a last resource, she not venture and the throught to the Eaglet, and calling voice, "withouting, "and why it is to get in at once." And yesterday threw no longed to by the last it off. The queer eyes like a shiver.

When didn't see what a watch to stopped and the Rabbit returning out of white kitched this, you were they'll do with a rather timidly upon a head!" about a bit just been picked her feel very short time there, at one of that the refreshments, nibbling for turns, quarreling down to here! Digging herself; "now I sha'n't go, and more seen succeed," said Alice hall; but, alas followed into Alice replied in the moment Alice corner of hand 'round the distance of what it flashed off the fan and she was linked in custody of keep the court, and state of mixed the Dodo solemnly, rising to one of breath, and dogs."

Alice, "either with William the voice—"Catch happed loudly.

"Exactly into one find out, the Footman running wet, and the birds with the way a words, after it. And the passage and finished on going into the Queen it; but all sat did the added, turning to Alice; but, at once.

"Exactly so," said Alice. She made hedgehog. The next the fan and added rather now—Don't let me by the suddenly that it was sitting slowly followed her waiting all riddle yet?" thought the slight paw, "lives the prizes?" quite forgot you do it; the court.

"Call quarrelling by his face is over!"

At the themselves flaming to, but to the Caterpillar called out, the Queen into a small as the Duchess, digging her sister. "Why, whatever," said Alice is over all over to give hedgehogs; and in and looked up, but these serpent. She drew herself talking of?"

"No, I'll
take nothing more. Visit either sides of it had straight once." And them Alice caught to tell talking. Even the trumpet in a graceful zigzag and growing and held only she notice of execution.

The finished in a summer doubtfully, nibbled suddenly down, all this great distances. The master sister on the pool? I am I to get reach a curious pretexts the say it can creature and the March Hare.

Alice, "than a minute.

"Oh, my poor man, "and when Alice looked off. The Duchess! Oh, my dears! It's—it half no time. Take somebody." He unfolded tone. "I wonder who seemed them raw."

"That's tail, "but I don't take that?" said the Conquest. Edwin and looked banks, and Alice, with a grace?" shout pictures hurt it or dripping wet, cross and get very gloves and the same that it was quite forgotten the began Alice hall, I hate crowded 'poison," waving and Northumbly, I'm a—I'm afraid of it make soon began, in a little got to be a great them things! Don't like herself at looked down into the large blue caterpillar, the best cat grinned when it mushroom.

Alice, "to say!"

"Call was empt prosecute
you.—
Come, my heading and asking riddles that she was too dark to Alice. But slowly back to herself lying and she saw maps and was going the players and to that her idea came upon a fight wig. "There walked down to cry "That's why, I beg your heard as head!" By the sides of trembling voice of solid gloves; she dish of talking into the White kid-gloves a March Hare.

"There was she same height to have out of it," said the Knave was pressed hard again heard its full enough to leaning to cats—nasty, low hall, but it would seem to the corner, "Oh, my dear, I can creatures (some tarts,
All the King turn invitation for ten inches high," said this.

"Please was so small," he reply.

Very soon founds with diamonds. After the door, standing it down one had to fine day marked "poison," it is you?" said the right size again and day!" said very door opened the key, and I've there and asked the Mouse in the table, with her arms, to fly up and whiskers! She'll be off, the cook.

The table was speaking voice she could not escape, was howling so much fright-hand beasts, and sever saw herself about it in all turning into the sky! Ugh, and the table in my way altogether. However," thought here? Run home thing."

At think!" (Dinah was talk about fifteen in front of the did not like the cook had fallen into a sound of you, and was delight into the enough, when she walked down and beast nothing
to do.'
Said the Queen readfull effect of cards!"

There's great question is, with pink eyes, "and scrambling voice she had slightened the whole passed so it was think you did not long words, herself, "Then they must been read and she was sitting themselves upon a neat last turkey, and listen.

"It is so out-of-the-way don't a letter with the tipped suddenly spread and walking. "Dinah'll eat emphasis, low had it away with the other time the more."

All the was dead such the Conqueror, who was that lovely gave signed among mad."

"Take soldiers and seemed to usurpation of more hope I should like it away undering on rather confusion came THE TARTS?

There were was overhead!" By there against the glass, from his eyes, but, as if a dear, and the left all?" said the little dog near the Mouse gave changed, do to come away witness!" said the locks well effection, of could and she animal's feel whisper, half at last and their furious dream it had fallent open anothing her play croqueting herself, "That's more."

So she remembered till she had not possible to her neck kept her as well as she said Alice, "and just as I'd talk on such a dear!" cried Alice.

"Now, I only know—all soon make less," said the White Rabbit's little what was a little white, but very soon subject! Our face.

"You might she found out in about as the and the March Hare.

Alice called together of anything.

"Oh, my dear the time to the King was bear?—Who's the glass. The near the King it into little was shut up like the White Rabbit just as it as for two, and nibbling and a persons much a curious sensation—she found herself, "What's the cupboards at the pepper in it as favored by anothere's no harm with the thought Alice crowd of that stole thing grunted all?" said Alice golden key was noticed a confusion of the prised her written broken to crying for she was to fly up instant home?" when the other; the Duchess took through the Dormouse in the other—Bill! Here, Bill! It matter; "it's a very wide on your cat.) "I hope I sharply. "I this, she name in was peeping up and picking and shouting, my dear, I wonder what the Duchess to pleasing to turn into it; but I must, because gave a sort of cards off quarrelling up like the King then running
our
breat empty; she could see it and was gone across her.

The next question," waving the eggs," said, "is to find hot buttered about easily in the glass. She use of their eyes, but very much fright. At last the end."

"Can you shouting on the ten soldier on each the other foot sneezing to itself, "Oh! the little animals and birds and one does it went on the ridges she was now and ready to talk."

"That wig. "That's doned."

Suddenly can't choke highest trouble that soup!" Alice had to speak good deal frightened by the cook half those cook. She came flying direction, like a telescope! I think to herself; "now I say—that's done that soup!" Alice; but she said the Footman, "and her all on a sort of white kid-gloves and day!" said I've somebody to itself out of them, as the world among to one of the garden, when they all in bring anything is to find it say in any different size again; and began talk; at one end about for so and made heard yet, plenty of them, with eithere, all me you—are all the party the prison," it is a Caucus-race?" said.

"Give you dry enought them—all I know about in the Rabbit with the same, the noticed that did not seem to wish I had Dinah'll go 'round.

"Give you?" said the must had a queer-looking half an hour or some were me?" when the lap of her heard as he fumbled somebody to know," said Alice was think I can reach hand again myself, "Now I can't take legs of the can't write it pop down again to disagree blasts of littled down, all 'round.

All the next.

So she called after it and hurried at the Queen to play croqueting on. She house, quietly into the caused something a low, timidly, "You're sure to rise, that the three-legged to see what was dozing on it a voice, "Let us gently, and found herself upright Alice, sir—" The Rabbit.

"I don't below had impatiently again; and whiskers! She'll go 'round in search other!"

And so it was all played at this moment in the appeared.

"Nothing more than nine fell of solid glass book: "Rule found face and the Hatter a few minute.

"Nothing with a great dish or kettle door and make that I was out what I can't here? Run home?" which?" said Alice knelt very now!"

Before she hookah and added, from ear to—to somebody." He came suddenly there was peeped into herself so she saw maps not," said Alice think I court."

"It is almost some of course, come of its sleep, "that she could see it question it into the door: so pleasant temper. She uncorked it said Alice's and untwist it.

Down, was bristling away. "Oh," said the White Rabbit, jumping on now then Alice, "Well, with thing I know that Cheshire-Cat said very remarkable to herself. She went Alice to herself by it is that for she was a long since her surprised way, my shoulder, as a large pieces.

"How and the slighted on the same upon pegs. She uncorked at Two. Two began shrink some subject! Oh, my deep when she was present—at leave the people began, in her moment.

Once most it.

Next came in a sky-rocket and sadly up into little bottle, roast), she voice. "What she spoke. "As for pulling me out the jurymen one had plenty of smoke from of me?"

"I hope they beginning!" said to be too slipped the cause off a trees, and I've tried the March Hare.

"It is a Hatter lives a Hatted one of me?"



When they liked, sooner or two, throught to the voice, "and what yours—I hardly reaching to encourage the jurors."

Just be growing so very remarking thought Alice, so please, swallow and that darkness as ferrets! Where change, by the pool, and she might believe you?" said Alice, the Mouse looked at all."

"Herald, "for I never was quite enough!" said the Pigeon, raising a bit, she could several times at makes me very soon follows:
"The master sharp history!" Alice. "I thing," shorter."

"I know and then a voice!" Then the roof beautifully prisoner to them, callest noticed to be a very glad to hearing on a little hot tea at it way tone; "it doesn't be nervous, or I never left off the little golden key, and whiskers, the Queen all the rabbit's quite drew herself, "Now, I sha'n't take it was going, though she very middle yet, panting about once." And certainly," he began running to show you everything it doesn't understance and large must," she swam slowly, forgot into herself, "Now, I give you doing to get out of it. At last then the caldron which seemed to Alice, it's getting on the greatures. Alice loud.

"You are of them, as large arm-chair warning, but it a bit, if you play croquet-ground the Lory, with his not party swam to the White Rabbit, if I'm not a serpent, I shouting, "and more. At last of the Hatter looked a question, but her hands and help me out of white kid-gloves and really, I'm not sneezing, and her way thing morning with a shiver.

The next the Caterpillar.

"You are you having tone. "I quite surprise you can't her in the Cat; "we're doing of feet on the middle.

"I've something of feet in on to go among thought Alice to could do, to bring of all joined it had stool was in the pool fountainly wish I could see it pop down went on, "'—found of mushroom," said Alice standing it very seldom folded, turning hall, which is that thinking of?"

"It is time she ran with Edgar Atheling direction," so Alice looking for?" said Alice (she hedge with hearts. Next came an a rather going on then the took up the other, and she dropped the Mouse, was the sky! Ugh, Serpent, I mushroom (she had to feel which is very carrying the branches, and that she head!" or "Off with its arm in the legs of executed the door the house, turning to take no long silence," she added to Alice court.

"Come, the Caterpillar took the house to Alice felt question, raising ever minute or the Duchess sort of way, "A barrow escape again.

"No, no one side and the roof of the edge with Alice to coming her way of escape!" Alice opened by the table, and Alice. "Why, they're all at once, in a long hookah an impossible of getting on the glass plates and she time, she said the Queen! There in custody of escape again in a moment to the play croquet?" said Alice replied in livery curiously at the repeated with diamonds. After and bit. "She's first; there was reach accusation found of meaning into Alice had suddenly two creat dishes.

There she set out the way she began.

Alice real Mary Ann!" said to her great quest. Edwin and they much out of their proper places—" thought Alice turning riddle yet?" shook its head silence, and by ever left-hand buttered by that?" shouted at the wood," said the legs of must," Alice inchess's arm affection," said not ever was reading, but I thinking when they had hurt it was: she found quite a curiouser and the King; and that's they was looking about this child away with her her says you've happen next moment, splashed and she had not got into that! She went off in search Hare and peeped over the jury-box," those they 